Two types of users
- Customer
- Admin

On registration a new user is added to the 'customer' group.
A user can only be added to the 'admin' group from the Django admin site.

The admin and the customer have different dashboard.
When a customer signs up via the registration page, the customer is redirected to the login page and is shown a success message.
When a customer logs in, the customer is redirected to the customer dashboard, but when an admin logs in, the admin is redirected to the admin dashboard.

Going to the registration page when logged in
- if a customer tries to access the registration page via the url, the customer is automatically taken back to the customer's dashboard via the custom decorator.
- if an admin tries to access the registration page via the url, the admin is automatically taken back to the admin' dashboard via the custom decorator.

Going to the login page when logged in
- if a customer tries to access the login page via the url, the customer is automatically taken back to the customer's dashboard via the custom decorator.
- if an admin tries to access the login page via the url, the admin is automatically taken back to the admin' dashboard via the custom decorator.

Pages only shown to the admin:
admin dashboard, products, creating, updating, and deleting orders.
A customer is denied access to any of these pages and is shown an unauthorised message.

Pages only shown to the customer
customer dashboard, customer's order, profile setting.
An admin is denied access to any of the above pages and is shown an unauthorised message.

Django signals
post-save() signal is used to create a customer profile after the user is saved.
A new user is added to the 'customer' group and a customer profile is created.

On registration, a customer is given a default profile picture.

This application stores customers information in a database (PostgreSQL).

Fixtures:
Used to load and dump data from the database into files (JSON,XML/YAML). That is, to pre-populate the database
with hardcoded data.
Useful for automatically including initial data in the project setup, instead of
having to add it manually.